README.md, before:


<!--
**jthicks91/jthicks91** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.



## Hey 👋, This is Jordan Hicks
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jordanthicks91@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:jordanthicks91@gmail.com)](mailto:jordanthicks91@gmail.com) 
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jthicks91-0072b1?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jthicks91/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jthicks91/) [![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jthicks91-grey?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/jthicks91/)](https://www.github.com/jthicks91/) <p align='left'>Hi, I'm Jordan!

I'm a dedicated, passionate and inquisitive Full Stack Web Developer with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer electronics and software industry. My specialties are in JavaScript, HTML/CSS, React/Redux, NodeJs/Express, SQL, Python, MongoDB and GraphQL with the proven ability to learn and implement new technologies as needed within a team or solo project.

Over the past 10 years, I have leveraged my diverse experiences to excel and develop into a problem-solving, communicative and organized developer who is interested in combining those skills with web technologies to help build engaging and cutting-edge projects.

Currently I'm diving deeper into Back-End development with an emphasis in Javascript, Python, MongoDB & GraphQL everyday.</p>

## Some of my Github Stats
<p align=left> <img src=https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=jthicks91 alt=jthicks91 /> </p>

[![Github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jthicks91&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true)](https://github.com/jthicks91/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jthicks91&layout=compact)](https://github.com/jthicks91/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Final Update to ReadMe
Go back and add more stats later;

README.md, after:





## Hello Scholars!

  
I'm Jordan!

I'm a dedicated and passionate Full Stack Web Developer with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer electronics and software industry. I am a graduate of Lambda School, where I studied JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, Redux, NodeJs, Express, Python, MySQL, MongoDB, and GraphQL with the proven ability to learn and implement new technologies as needed within a team or solo project.

Over the past ten years, I have leveraged my diverse experiences to excel and develop into a problem-solving, communicative, and organized developer interested in combining those skills with web technologies to help build engaging and cutting-edge projects.

In my free time, I make music, stream video games on Twitch and collect trading cards.

Currently, I'm diving deeper into Back-End development with an emphasis in Javascript, Python, MongoDB & GraphQL every day.


  
  <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/bootstrap/bootstrap.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png"></code> <code><img height="40"
src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png"></code> <code><img height="40"
src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/express/express.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/heroku/heroku-plain.svg"></code> <code><img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png"></code>

  </div>
  </p>

---

<p align="center">
  <i>Let's connect and chat! Looking forward to working with people who want to solve problems that will change the world...</i>
  
  [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jordanthicks91@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:jordanthicks91@gmail.com)](mailto:jordanthicks91@gmail.com) 
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jthicks91-0072b1?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jthicks91/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jthicks91/) [![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jthicks91-grey?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/jthicks91/)](https://www.github.com/jthicks91/) 


</p>
